Update configure-advanced-delivery.md (#5558)
MicrosoftDocs/microsoft-365-docs: microsoft-365/security/office-365-security/configure-advanced-delivery.md

     - Single IP: For example, 192.168.1.1.
     - IP range: For example, 192.168.0.1-192.168.0.254.
     - CIDR IP: For example, 192.168.0.1/25.

>    - **Simulation URLs to allow**: Expand this setting and optionally enter specific URLs that are part of your phishing simulation campaign that should not be blocked or detonated by clicking in the box, entering a value, and then pressing Enter or selecting the value that's displayed below the box. You can add up to 10 entries. URL syntax follows format as described here [URL syntax for the Tenant Allow/Block List](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/microsoft-365/security/office-365-security/tenant-allow-block-list?view=o365-worldwide#url-syntax-for-the-tenant-allowblock-list).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   - **Simulation URLs to allow**: Expand this setting and optionally enter specific URLs that are part of your phishing simulation campaign that should not be blocked or detonated by clicking in the box, entering a value, and then pressing Enter or selecting the value that's displayed below the box. You can add up to 10 entries. For the URL syntax format, see [URL syntax for the Tenant Allow/Block List](/microsoft-365/security/office-365-security/tenant-allow-block-list?view=o365-worldwide#url-syntax-for-the-tenant-allowblock-list).
```
